It's a race. It's a race to develop
these systems. Is that why you came back
to Google?
Um I mean I think as a computer
scientist uh it's a very unique time in
history. Like uh honestly anybody who's
a computer scientist uh should not be
retiring right now should be working on
AI. That's what I would just say. I mean
there's just never
been a greater sort of problem and
opportunity a greater cusp uh of
technology. Um so I don't I wouldn't say
it's because of the race. uh although we
fully intend that Gemini will be the
very first AGI clarify that
uh but uh to be immersed in this uh
incredible technological revolution I
mean it's unlike you know I went through
sort of the web 1.0 thing. It was very
exciting and whatever. We had mobile, we
had this, we had that. But uh I think
this is scientifically
uh far more exciting and I think uh I
think ultimately the impact on the world
is going to be even greater in as much
as you know the web and mobile phones
have had a lot of impact. Um I think AI
is going to be vastly more
transformative.
So what what do you do dayto-day?
I think I torture people like uh Demis
um who's amazing by the way. He
tolerated me crashing this uh fireside.
Um I'm in the you know I'm across the
street uh you know pretty much every
day. Um and they're just uh uh people
who are working on the key Gemini text
models on the pre-training on the
post-training mostly those I
periodically delve into some of the
multimodal work. uh V3 as uh you've all
seen.
Um but I tend to be uh pretty deep in
the technical details. Um and that's a
luxury I really enjoy fortunately
because guys like Demis are you know
minding the shop.
Um and uh yeah that's just where you
know my scientific interest is. It's
deep in the algorithms and how they can
evolve. Okay let's talk about the
products a little bit. some that were
introduced recently. Um, I just want to
ask you a broad question about agents,
demis, because when I look at other tech
companies building agents, what we see
in the demos is usually something that's
contextually aware, has a disembodied
voice, is often interacted uh with you
often interact with it on a screen. When
I see Deep Mind and Google demos, often
times it's through the camera. It's very
visual. We there was an announcement
about smart glasses today. So talk a
little bit about if that's the right
read, why why Google is so interested in
having an assistant or companion that is
something that sees the world as you see
it. Well, it's for several reasons,
several threads come together. So as we
talked earlier, we've always been
interested in agents. That's actually
the the the heritage of deep mind
actually. We started with agent-based
systems in games. We are trying to build
AGI, which is a full general
intelligence. Clearly that would have to
understand the physical environment,
physical world around you. And two of
the massive use cases for that in my
opinion are a truly useful assistant
that can come around with you in your
daily life, not just stuck on your
computer or one device. It needs to we
want it to be useful in your everyday
life for everything. And so it needs to
come around you and understand your
physical context. Um, and then the other
big thing is I've always felt for
robotics to work, you sort of want what
you saw with Astra on a robot. And I've
always felt that the the bottleneck in
robotics isn't so much the the hardware,
although obviously there's many many
companies and and working on fantastic
hardware and we partner with a lot of
them, but it's actually the software
intelligence that I think is always
what's held um robotics back. But I
think we're in a really exciting moment
now where finally with um these latest
versions especially 2.5 Gemini and more
things that we're going to bring in this
kind of VO technology and other things I
think we're going to have really
exciting uh algorithms to make robotics
finally work in in in its and you know
sort of realize its potential which
could be enormous. So I think this and
and then in the end AGI needs to be able
to do all of those things. So for us and
that's why you can see we always had
this in mind that's why Gemini was built
from the beginning even the earliest
versions to be multimodal and that made
it harder at the start because it's
harder to make things multimodal than
just text only. But in the end I think
we're reaping the benefits of those
decisions now and I see many of the
Gemini team here in the front row of the
correct decisions we made. They were the
harder decisions but we made the right
decisions and now you can see the fruits
of that with all of what you've seen
today. Actually, Sergey, I've been
thinking about whether to ask you a
Google Glass question. Oh, far away.
What did you learn from Glass that
Google might be able to uh apply today
now that it seems like smart glasses
have made a reappearance? Wow. Yeah. Uh
great question. Um I learned a lot. I
mean, that was um I definitely feel like
I made a lot of mistakes with Google
Glass. I'll be honest.
Um I am still um a big believer in the
form factor. So I'm glad that we have it
now. Uh and now it's like looks like
normal glasses doesn't have the thing in
front. Uh I think there was a technology
gap honestly. Now in the AI world, the
things that these glasses can do to help
you out without constantly distracting
you, that capability is much higher. Uh
there's also just um I just didn't know
anything about consumer electronics
supply chains really and how hard it
would be to build that and have it be at
a reasonable price point um managing all
the manufacturing so forth. Um this time
we have great partners that'll are
helping us build this.
Um so that's another step
forward. Uh what else can I say? I do
have to say I miss the the um airship
with the wings suiting sky divers for
the demo.
Honestly, it would have uh been even
cooler here at Shoreline Amphitheater
than it was up in Moscone back in the
day. But maybe we'll have to we should
probably polish the product first this
time.
Ready and available and then we'll do a
really cool demo. So that's probably a
smart move. Yeah. What I will say is I
mean look we've got obviously an
incredible history of glass devices and
smart devices so we can bring all those
learnings to today and very excited
about our new glasses as you saw but
what I' what I've always always talking
to our team and Sham and the team about
is that I mean I don't know if Serge
would agree but I feel like the the
universal assistant is the killer app
for smart glasses and I think that's
what's going to make it work apart from
the fact that it's all the tech the
hardware technology is also moved on and
improved moved a lot is this. I think I
feel like this is the actual killer app,
the natural killer app for it. Okay.
Briefly on video generation, I sat uh in
the audience in the keynote today and
was like fairly blown away by the level
of uh improvement we've seen from these
models and I I mean you had filmmakers
talking about it in the
presentation. I want to ask you Demis um
specifically about model quality. If the
internet fills with video that's been
made with artificial intelligence, does
that then go back into the training and
lead to a lower quality model than if
you were training just from human
generated content? Yeah. Well, look, we
we you know, there's a lot of worries
about this so-called like model
collapse. I mean, video is just one
thing, but in any modality, text as
well. There's a few things to say about
that. First of all, we're very rigorous
with our data quality management and
curation. We also, at least for all of
our generative models, we we attach
synth ID to them. So there's this
invisible AI actually made watermark
that um is pretty very robust has held
up now for you know a year 18 months
since we released it. And all of our
images and
videos are embedded with this watermark.
that we can detect and and we're
releasing tools to allow anyone to
detect uh uh these watermarks and know
that that was an AI generated um uh
image or video. And of course that's
important to combat deep fakes and
misinformation, but it's also of course
you could use that to filter out if you
wanted to whatever was in your training
data. So I don't actually see that as a
big problem. Um, eventually we may have
video models that are so good you could
put them back into the loop as a source
of additional data, synthetic data it's
called. And there you just got to be
very careful that you're you're actually
creating from the same distribution that
you're going to model. Um, you're not
distorting that distribution somehow.
Uh, the quality is high enough. We have
some experience of this in a completely
different main with with things like
Alphafold where there wasn't actually
enough real experimental data to build
the final alpha fold. So we had to build
an earlier version that then predicted
about a million protein structures and
then we selected it had a confidence
level on that. We selected the top three
400,000 and put them back in the
training data. So there's lots of it's
very cutting edge research to like mix
synthetic data with real data. So there
are also ways of doing that. But on the
terms of the video sort of generator
stuff, you can just exclude it if you
want to. At least with our own work and
hopefully other um gen media companies
follow suit and um put robust watermarks
in also obviously first and foremost to
combat uh deep fakes and misinformation.
Okay, we have four minutes. I got four
questions left. We now move to the
miscellaneous part of my question. So
let's see how many we can get through
and as fast as we can get through them.
Um let's go uh to Sergey with this one.
What does the web look like in 10 years?
I mean, go one minute. Boy, I think 10
years because of the rate of progress in
AI is so far beyond anything we can see,
not just the web. I mean, I don't know.
I don't think we really know what the
world looks like in 10 years. Okay,
Demis.
Well, I think I think that's a good
answer. I do think the web I think in
nearer term, the web is going to change
quite a lot. If you think about an agent
first web, like does it really need to,
you know, it doesn't necessarily need to
see renders and things like we do as as
humans using the web. So, I think things
will be pretty different in a few years.
Okay. Uh, this is kind of an under over
question. Uh, AGI before 2030 or after
2030?
Uh, 2030. Boy, you really kind of uh put
it on that fine line. I'm going to I'm
going to say before. Before. Yeah.
Dennis, I'm just after. Just after.
Yeah. Okay. Um, no pressure, Dennis.
Exactly. But I have to go back and get
working harder. Is that I can ask for
it. He needs to deliver it. So, Exactly.
Stop sandbagging.
We need it next week. That's true.